In CNN for situations understanding based onsentiment analysis of twitter data by Shiyang 
Liaoa, Junbo Wangb, Ruiyun Yua, Koichi Satob, Zixue Cheng they proved CNN's ability to 
extract a set of features from a global dataset is the primary justification for using it 
in image analysis and classification. information, and it can take into account how these 
qualities relate to one another. The aforementioned method can increase the accuracy in
classification and evaluation. Text data features can also be piecemeal collected for 
natural language processing in order to Take into account how these elements interact, but
without taking into account context or the entire sentence, the sentiment be misunderstood.
We create a straightforward convolutional neural network model and evaluate it using the
Results indicate that it performs more accurately in classifying Twitter sentiment than 
certain standard methods, including similar to the SVM and Naive Bayes techniques


In A sentiment analysis study for twitter using the various model of convolutional neural 
network. Machine learning produces poor accuracy that is used in a larger range of 
applications. Consequently, the deep learning approach is being developed to increase 
sentiment analysis' accuracy. In order to increase accuracy performance, this study 
discusses several configuration options based on deep learning utilising the Convolutional 
Neural Network (CNN) algorithm. To evaluate the effectiveness of the CNN models, a variety 
of parameters are offered, including the number of convolutional layers, the quantity of 
filters, and the size of the filters. The Word2Vec model for Indonesian has been utilised 
with the Indonesian-Sentiment-Analysis-Dataset, which consists of 10.806 tweets, as a word 
vector representation. The remaining 20% of the dataset is used for testing once the CNN 
models have been trained on 80% of it. Results from the proposed CNN models are compared and 
shown to be superior.

In Twitter sentiment analysis using distributed word and sentence representation by 
Dwarampudi Mahidhar Reddy, Dr. N V Subba Reddy and Dr. Prema K V they introduced 
usage of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Networks and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
for Distributed Representation of words.Which lets us to capture Capturing local 
co-occurrence statistics and gives good performance 
with small (100-300) dimension vectors that are important for downstream tasks. 
It makes the process faster as only non-zero counts matter.
Instead of utilising conventional techniques or preparing text data, this research uses 
distributed representations of words and phrases. While the latter 
is used for the distributed representation of sentences, the first two are utilised for the 
distributed representation of words. This document has an accuracy rate of up to 81%. Out of 
the various techniques, it also offers the best and most effective approaches to generate 
distributed

In Using Word2Vec to Process Big Text Data by Long Ma and Yanqing Zhang they proposed a 
method to decrease the dimesion of the feature vector which will be used to make our 
embedding layer for the cnn model which we prepare. Processing large data sets takes time 
since they can have a variety of distinct data types and sophisticated structures in 
addition to their large volume of data. If the learning algorithm can choose useful 
features or reduce the feature dimension, it will be more effective when taking the data 
dimension into account. Continuous Bag of Words (CBOW) and Skip-gram are the two learning 
models that make up Word2Vec. Word2Vec creates word vectors from text data that can be 
represented as a substantial passage of text or perhaps the complete article. In our work, 
we trained the data using a Word2Vec model and then assessed the degree of word similarity.
In addition, we clustering the similar words together and use the generated clusters to 
fit into a new data dimension so that the data dimension is decreased which will decrease
time consumption and increase performance.